README.md, before:

# Re:Space WEB

## Frontend

This project uses React + Vite for the UI.

## Backend (Express)

The API server lives in `server/`.

Quick start:

```bash
cd server
cp .env.example .env
npm install
npm run dev
```

The server expects Supabase service role credentials in `.env` and exposes:

- `GET /api/health`
- `POST /api/quotes`
- `POST /api/orders`

## Notes

- Database schema lives in `supabase/schema.sql`.
- For production, use a proper server host (Vercel/Render/Railway) instead of GitHub Pages.

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Add Supabase seed and setup notes

README.md, after:

# Re:Space WEB

## Frontend

This project uses React + Vite for the UI.

## Backend (Express)

The API server lives in `server/`.

Quick start:

```bash
cd server
cp .env.example .env
npm install
npm run dev
```

The server expects Supabase service role credentials in `.env` and exposes:

- `GET /api/health`
- `POST /api/quotes`
- `POST /api/orders`

## Supabase setup

1) Create a Supabase project.
2) Run `supabase/schema.sql` in the SQL editor.
3) Seed one active product with `supabase/seed.sql`.
4) Copy the project URL and service role key into `server/.env`.

## Notes

- Database schema lives in `supabase/schema.sql`.
- For production, use a proper server host (Vercel/Render/Railway) instead of GitHub Pages.

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.
